Sosivio DataDog Integration (#1327)
DataDog/integrations-extras: sosivio/README.md

# Sosivio
 
## Overview
 

> Integrate Sosivio with DataDog to get Your Sosivio alerts and notifications sent directly to DataDog!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Integrate Sosivio with Datadog to send your Sosivio alerts and notifications directly to Datadog.
```

> Integrate Sosivio with DataDog to get Your Sosivio alerts and notifications sent directly to DataDog!

Reviewer 2: It may be helpful to add a bit more detail about what Sosivio does, and the types of data being sent into Datadog

 
## Setup
 
### Installation

> 1. In the Sosivio Dashboard Configuration page, add the API key For [Datadog][2] and the DataDog URL (if not the default datadoghq.com site). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the Sosivio Dashboard Configuration page, add the [Datadog API key][2] and the Datadog URL (if not the default datadoghq.com site). See [Datadog sites][4] to learn more.
```

> 2. Click Install 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **Install**.

For more information, view the [Sosivio documentation][3].
```

 
## Support
 

> View Sosivio Docs At https://docs.sosiv.io
> Or Contact us - info@sosiv.io
>  
> Need help? Contact [Datadog support][1].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Need help? Contact [Datadog support][1] or reach out to [Sosivio](mailto:info@sosiv.io).
```

[1]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/help/

> [2]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/account_management/api-app-keys/#add-an-api-key-or-client-token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[2]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/account_management/api-app-keys/#add-an-api-key-or-client-token
[3]: https://docs.sosiv.io
[4]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/site/
```

# Sosivio
 
## Overview
 
Sosivio is a Predictive Troubleshooting platform built specifically for Kubernetes environments and applications. Sosivio provides predictive troubleshooting tools, root cause determination, and instant remediation for any failures in Kubernetes environments. Instantly start observing all flavors of Kubernetes with real-time metrics and cluster health checks, and use lean AI to predict and prevent critical failures before they appear.

> Sosivio's Datadog integration allows users to see Sosivio Failure Alerts directly in Datadog dashboards and instantly be redirected to the Sosivio UI to remediate those failures (with Sosivio Premium license). You can also add context around Datadog's signals with Sosivio's root cause determination for critical failures.

Author: Datadog Agents mostly

 
## Setup

> If you don't have a Sosivio account set up, [create an account][5] and sign up for a free 4-week trial of Sosivio Premium directly from our website (no credit card required). At the end of the 4-week trial, your license converts to the Sosivio Community Version, which is free, forever. With the account set up, you are ready to start using the Sosivio Application in Datadog.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you don't have a Sosivio account, [create an account][5] and sign up for a free 4-week trial of Sosivio Premium directly from our website (no credit card required). At the end of the 4-week trial, your license converts to the Sosivio Community Version, which is free, forever. With the account set up, you are ready to start using the Sosivio integration in Datadog.
```

Sosivio is installed under one namespace (labeled "sosivio") which creates all the required components for the product. 

 
### Installation

> 1. In the Sosivio Dashboard Configuration page, add the [Datadog API key][2] and the Datadog URL (if not the default datadoghq.com site). See [Datadog sites][4] to learn more.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. In the Sosivio Dashboard Configuration page, add your [Datadog API key][2] and Datadog URL (if not the default datadoghq.com site). See [Datadog sites][4] to learn more.
```

> 1. In the Sosivio Dashboard Configuration page, add the [Datadog API key][2] and the Datadog URL (if not the default datadoghq.com site). See [Datadog sites][4] to learn more.

Reviewer 2: Maybe a hyperlink to the dashboard configuration page would be helpful here?

Author: Dashboard is dynamic by deployment (on-prem)

# Sosivio
 
## Overview
 
Sosivio is a Predictive Troubleshooting platform built specifically for Kubernetes environments and applications. Sosivio provides predictive troubleshooting tools, root cause determination and instant remediation for any failures in Kubernetes environments. Instantly start observing all flavors of Kubernetes with real-time metrics, cluster health checks, and using lean AI to predict and prevent critical failure before they appear!

Sosivio’s Datadog integration allows users to see Sosivio Failure Alerts directly in Datadog dashboards and instantly be redirected to Sosivio UI to remediate those failures (with Sosivio Premium license). Additionally, add context around Datadog’s signals with Sosivio’s root cause determination for critical failures. 
 
## Setup

If you don’t have a Sosivio account setup, [create an account and sign up for a free 4-week trial][5] of Sosivio Premium directly from our website (no credit card required). After setting up the account, you are ready to start using the Sosivio Application in Datadog. 

> (At the end of the 4-week trial, your license will convert to the Sosivio Community Version, which is free, forever.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

 
## Overview
 
Sosivio is a Predictive Troubleshooting platform built specifically for Kubernetes environments and applications. Sosivio provides predictive troubleshooting tools, root cause determination, and instant remediation for any failures in Kubernetes environments. Instantly start observing all flavors of Kubernetes with real-time metrics and cluster health checks, and use lean AI to predict and prevent critical failures before they appear.

Sosivio’s Datadog integration allows users to see Sosivio Failure Alerts directly in Datadog dashboards and instantly be redirected to the Sosivio UI to remediate those failures (with Sosivio Premium license). You can also add context around Datadog’s signals with Sosivio’s root cause determination for critical failures. 
 
## Setup

> If you don’t have a Sosivio account setup, [create an account][5] and sign up for a free 4-week trial of Sosivio Premium directly from our website (no credit card required). At the end of the 4-week trial, your license converts to the Sosivio Community Version, which is free, forever. With the account set up, you are ready to start using the Sosivio Application in Datadog. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don’t have a Sosivio account set up, [create an account][5] and sign up for a free 4-week trial of Sosivio Premium directly from our website (no credit card required). At the end of the 4-week trial, your license converts to the Sosivio Community Version, which is free, forever. With the account set up, you are ready to start using the Sosivio Application in Datadog. 
```

Author: FYI - that caused a failure:
```
Run ddev validate readmes $CHANGED
Error:     readme contains non-ASCII character(s)
    | Sosivio’s Datadog integration allows users to see Sosivio Failure Alerts directly in Datadog dashboards and instantly be redirected to the Sosivio UI to remediate those failures (with Sosivio Premium license). You can also add context around Datadog’s signals with Sosivio’s root cause determination for critical failures. 
    |        ^                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ^                      ^           
``` 

probably due to the line breaks on your Mac/Windows machine.
fixed that - just letting you know :)

> Sosivio is installed under one namespace (labeled: "sosivio") which creates all the required components for the product. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sosivio is installed under one namespace (labeled "sosivio") which creates all the required components for the product. 
```

Author: Thanks for the thorough reading :)
